# Running The Pipeline

On completing a flowchart, it can be sent to the built-in pipeline code to be executed.

## Running A New Pipeline

When nodes exist in the flowchart window but the flowchart has yet to be saved, WARIO will prompt the user to save before moving on to the pipeline execution step. Once the file has been saved at least once, this prompt will be skipped until the flowchart has been cleared. 

With the file saved, the file is passed to the pipeline execution code and the output of the code will be displayed in the command prompt used to run WARIO. Any plots generated by nodes from libraries such as matplotlib are displayed as standard but are only interactable once the pipeline has completed execution. These plots remain fully interactive until they or WARIO are closed.

## Running An Existing Pipeline

If the user attempts to run a pipeline with no file loaded and no nodes placed in the flowchart interface, WARIO will prompt them to open a compatable JSON file to be executed. The pipeline will also be loaded into the flowchart interface and can additional runs can be performed without the load prompt in an identical manner as described for the new pipeline.

## Running Pipelines Without WARIO

The pipeline code can be ran without requiring WARIO by using the RunPipeline.py file included in the main WARIO directory. The same file is used by WARIO itself when executing pipelines so the output should be identical, with the exception of plots which can only be viewed interactively when the pipeline is executed from within WARIO.

To use this file, run the command

```bash
    python RunPipeline.py "file\goes\here.json"
```

## Current Pipeline Limitations

* Pipeline does not currently support pausing or blocking nodes
* Pipeline is single threaded and runs in the same thread as the interface
* File locations must be redefined if a pipeline save file is transferred between computers unless the absolute file path for all set save and load locations are identical between the two computers
